you put all this time into your
marketing and hosting a webinar so why
aren't you getting more leads my agency
NP digital hosts webinars all the time
and it brings us over a thousand leads
every single month according to
literally the webinar Market is
projected to reach 800 Million by 2023.
the market share is there you just need
to capitalize on it hosting a webinar
isn't just an amazing opportunity for
you to educate your audience you have to
be using them as a chance to network
grow your audience and drive tons and
tons of leads after all how often do you
get a platform like that but here's the
tough truth most webinar conversion
rates aren't that high if you're doing
it wrong you might be only getting a
five to ten percent conversion rate on
your webinar page and from there maybe
35 to 45
registered to attendee rate if you're
lucky which means if you want to drive
leads from your webinars it has to start
at the very beginning your marketing
rollout has to be on point if you want
to drive a ton of leads from your
webinar so how does my agency generate
over a thousand leads every single month
from webinars well here's a few
strategies that you can just copy that
we use to maximize our lead collection
from our webinars strategy one focus on
attracting high quality leads from the
start
according to Cloud income between two
and five percent of webinar attendees
will actually purchase an offer at the
end of webinar so how can you make sure
that people you bring in are conversion
friendly in other words they're the
Right audience that you know that's
interested but that number can actually
move up between five and twenty percent
if you Market them properly which is way
higher conversion rate than the other
kinds of content that you're probably
creating so let's reverse engineer this
really quickly if the ultimate goal is
to sell a product or a service you need
to go into your webinar with a crystal
clear objective an idea of who's
actually going to buy and what you're
offering when you're deciding who's
going to attend your webinar create a
buyer Persona focus on their pain points
and who's actually going to respond to
what you want to promote gather
information via a survey whether it's on
social media like through polls or email
list or just asking existing customers
the more specific effect you get with
targeting a group of people the more
likely you are to get them engaged and
get them to show up and buy from you and
whenever I host a webinar I put my all
into providing a clear actionable call
to action where they know what they're
going to get and the value that they're
going to get from buying right so your
whole webinar pitch has to be cohesive
strategy number two co-host your webinar
with a partner want a way to double your
audience well double the amount of
people that are presenting so what I
mean by this is I love presenting with
other brands for example I've done
webinars with Bigcommerce or WP engine
so that way when we're doing a webinar I
promote to my audience they're promoted
to theirs we're both growing our brand
and our leads as well and I get to
collaborate with another expert Their
audience I get to build my brand
awareness my company's NP digital's
brand awareness as well and it's a
win-win situation the key is hit up
another company within your space that
doesn't have the same or exact product
or service and make it where your
company's parks and services complement
theirs and vice versa hit them up and
co-promote a webinar together create the
copy for the webinar like the slides
that you're presenting on together
divide up who's presenting on what and
you'll get double the amount of leads we
literally do this almost each and every
single month at my Ad Agency NP digital
strategy number three time your
promotional campaigns 58 of B2B
marketers use webinars in their content
marketing programs so how can you make
sure that yours stands out and doesn't
just get lost in the shuffle the key is
to time your promotion scheduled to the
Perfection every single time I host
webinars I have the promotional schedule
all mapped out I send email blast to my
subscribers a few weeks before not too
early like you don't want to do a month
before because it'll just forget so
usually a few weeks before and then I
also follow up three days before the
webinar the same day as a webinar and if
I have their phone number and they've
opted in for text message alerts I also
send them a text reminder a day before
the webinar and 15 minutes before the
webinar as well with the links they know
where to attend and then for all the
people that didn't attend the webinar I
sent a follow-up with them literally
after the webinar is over saying sorry
you missed it but we have the recording
here it is and you can watch it that's
how you get more people to attend your
webinars and if you want to do something
really fun you can also live broadcast
your webinar to YouTube Instagram all
the social media platforms using tools
like restream which will get you more
leads in the long run as well and
strategy number four to get you even
more leads show your webinar on all the
social platforms you can use tools like
restream to be on LinkedIn Instagram
Twitter Youtube and all those places why
would you want to do that because you're
like hey Neil I'm not actually
collecting a lead if I do that they're
actually just attending my webinar and
they're getting everything for free but
here's the thing some of them will buy
your products and services that you're
pitching but two during your webinar
offer more customized content and the
only way that people can get it is to go
to a specific landing page and give
their information this will get you more
leads and it'll get you all those people
that are watching your webinar from
social media at least a percentage of
them to go to that landing page and then
give you their details those are the
strategies I used to get over a thousand
leads a month from my webinars it's a
great strategy it works you should try
it out if you need help with your
digital marketing and tactics like this
check out my Ad Agency NP digital or if
you just have any questions leave a
comment below we're here to help if you
enjoy the video like it share it tell
the people about it thank you for
watching